Update README.md (#36)
eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-sdk: README.md

[![CI workflow](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-sdk/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-sdk/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![License: Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache-yellow.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

> The `Vehicle App SDK` reduce the effort required to implement Vehicle Apps using the Velocitas development model in the Python programming language. To create a Vehicle App, please use our [Vehicle App Template](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template) which uses this sdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Vehicle App SDK` reduces the effort required to implement Vehicle Apps by using the Velocitas development model for the Python programming language. To create a Vehicle App, please use our [Vehicle App Template](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template) which uses this sdk.
```

## Documentation

* [Velocitas Development Model](https://websites.eclipseprojects.io/velocitas/docs/about/development_model/): Learn more about the Velocitas programming model and the SDK

> 

Reviewer: Should we have a link to the tutorials here also?
```suggestion
* [Velocitas Tutorials](https://websites.eclipseprojects.io/velocitas/docs/tutorials/): Learn how to get started, including setting up the development environment, creating a Vehicle Model as well as developing and deploying a Vehicle App.

```
